 Sophia, did I see your gutter is broken? Tell me what happened? Yes, I was crumbling on my daughter's trampoline and my knee got slippery Oh my God, that big trampoline is in your backyard? Yes, that big one Which gutter did you find? I found the dine in the gutter Right, it's in the knee, okay And when did it happen? This is 4 days ago Okay, it was really big this weekend It's good that you went out and it felt bad to hear you got injured in the gutter So did you have any pain or any pain? Yes, I had a little pain and I was very sore And after that you tried something? I took ibuprofen and put some blood on it Did something happen? Yes, it was a little bit, but it's still very difficult to find Okay And are you standing or are you also hurting it? I am standing and I am standing, but I am standing and I am putting my leg in the gutter Okay, okay And how is the gutter in the gutter? It's outside, it's inside I think it's not inside your knee Okay Okay Okay, until you are here I am your primary care physician I will see your chart Okay, so your diabetes treatment is also going on How is your diet overall? Your sugar level is low Okay, I am fine, I am not looking at the other one Okay Okay Okay, I am looking at it But how is your diet overall? It's good Okay I mean, it's a little bit difficult to stay away from the stomach I eat ice cream and eat it Okay, let's examine the physical I will check your heart first Normal Normal There is no... There is no voice Okay, now I will check your lungs One more, take a breath from the throat Okay It's good Okay, now let's check the gutter The swelling is getting worse I will tell you some movements I will get your gutter a little bit Tell me if you can If you are pushing your knee inside, it is getting worse Okay, and how is your stomach? It's not a little bit too much Okay, so it's a little bit of pain And the patient is inside And how is your stomach getting worse? And if I am following your gutter It's very painful Okay, and if I am following your stomach, I will get a little bit of pain Okay, it's fine So your stomach's motion is a little limited And both flexions are in the stomach I will give it a little bit of pain It seems like your stomach's stomach is negative I am trying to check if your stomach is broken I am mainly worried about your gut Whether your stomach is infected or infected So the patient in your knee is called tendon So I am a little concerned Because you are getting a little bit of pain And you had a stomachache So I think you should put braces on your stomach And I prescribe a movement So take this, it will be easy And your swelling should be less And keep your stomach on your gut In every hour or so And I will send you a message for you Because we have to see if there is any other type of gutter in your stomach Yes, this is a very sound Thank you Okay, and for your diabetes You are feeling good, you are taking care of yourself And it's a big deal But I have to check it And I have to verify your hemoglobin A1C And then I will give you a metformin refill Which you are taking 500 mg So keep taking this And any other questions for me? No, no, just don't worry Okay, thank you And I hope you are feeling good