I am looking at you. I have read your appointment notes and you have been given the keystones. I have seen your PSP. And you are also one now. That is why they told you to come. Tell me, how are you going to do it? Yes, I am getting back pains on the right side. And I am getting a lot of pain. I am also looking at your urine. I am scared of your right side. So, do you move or do you just stay on the right side? Yes, I mean, I am a little bit on the right side and I am moving. So, how will you tell this pain? Is it the same as you do or do you move or do you move? It is constantly constantly in the house. When you are worried, do you know that you are scared? Do you know that you are afraid of the blood coming out of your body? No, no, no, no, no. It is not a very painful pain. When I use the urine. So, are you still in the medicine or do you have any medicines? I had taken some ibuprofen and I got it a little rest. Okay. But, even then, ibuprofen is also a pain. So, have you ever had any nausea, vomiting or any fever? I have never had any ultees, but I had a nausea. A little nausea. Yes, it is true. So, are there any kidney stones in your family? I know some people say that their father is a kidney patient. Yes, my father is a kidney stone. Maybe they are in the urine too, but they don't remember. Okay. And what are you saying? You are saying that you are saying that too. For me, this is the first time. I have never had this before. Okay. So, let us do one thing. I will examine you. I just want to see you. So, how did you get your Easter break? Yes, I mean, I had a little pain in the weekend. So, I had told my pediatrician that he could send me here to see if I could get a kidney stone. Okay. So, I am guessing that you will not find eggs in Easter eggs. Yes, I have not found any eggs in Easter eggs. I have not found any eggs in Easter eggs. Yes, I have not found any eggs in Easter eggs. Yes, I am very lucky. My friends had had an Easter hack hunt. And I had a little bit of a Easter egg. So, I think you will do something. Okay, let us examine the physical. So, your vital is good. You don't have any fever. Your blood pressure, heart rate is fine. And when I am pressing your stomach, do you feel pain? Yes, a little. A little. And your abdomen is a little mild pain. So, it is soft. It is a little palpitation. It is not a rebound. It is a little guarding. It is a CDM, a flank, tenderness on the right. So, this means that you do have some inflammation of your kidney. So, we will take your side CT scan. We have taken this, that you have a stone. It is a pan centimeter stone. It is near your right urator. So, and it goes from your kidney to the bladder. I have not seen any hydro nephrosis yet. So, this means that your urator is not obstructing. Or you are swelling. Which is good. But, a little more, we talk about the assessment of land. So, your right side is a kidney stone. So, I want you to push the fluid in your body, which will leave the stone. So, will you be able to drink a lot of water? Maybe not that much, but a little bit. So, I want you to drink as much water as you can. We will try to hydrate you and pass this stone. So, what do I do? I prescribe you. 800 grams. And, you have to take this as a pain. Because, you said that you are paining. And, if you are moving and you are paining, then you have to take ibupropin. I am giving you an extractor. So, extractor, you have to drink it, which we have seen, that if you have taken out your stone. And, I have a BMP and a Q-Rine analysis and a Q-Rine culture. We will do that. As we have seen, we have to put you on antibiotics. Because, if there is some infection, then you need it. And, I want to see you again in a week. And, if you are symptoms, then we can talk about something else. So, it is a little bit of a tip. It is a little invasive procedure, which we give shock waves to break the stone. But, any other question? No, I don't think so. Okay, fine. So, I will see you in a week. I will tell my nurse, take the prescription and, and, the most likely, our kidney stone will be removed. Okay?
